No airfield may have more than one
echo counter on the game map at
the same time.

No NV units may enter the US
Holding Area Box.

US echo counter have unlimited
staying power (=9 GTs) on the map,
but must return to US holding area
after they have bombed or entered
air-to-air combat (except 8-52 which
only returns after they have bombed).

Units left on the map after the end
of the ninth GT are removed and
placed in the air status display for
the next night (exception: NV units in
South China Sea box as above).

US PILOT MORALE
Pilot Morale (PM) is measured on a
6-0 scale where ‘’6’’ is good and
“0’’ is lousy. PM drops one level tor
every flight of B-52’s taking losses
(for this purpose, one echo counter
equals one flight), and raises one
level for every 250 SAMs fired or
seven continuous nights without B-52
missions. PM _ only affects B-52
missions results.
PM effects:
6o0r.5 No effect
4 or 3 Subtract ‘/1’’ from bombing
dice rolls
2 or 1 Subtract ‘’2’’ from bombing
dice rolls
0 No B-52 missions allowed

THE GAME-TURN TRACK
LINEBACKER II is played in game
turns, each GT consisting of the six
phases making up the Sequence of
Play. Nine GTs make up one night of
real time. No DAYLIGHT GTs are
played. After the ninth GT is com-
pleted, the playing pieces are re-
moved from the game map and set up
on the air status display anew (see
Movement Rules).

PAGE 11

